# Week 1
We submitted our contracts and goals, and we created a Makefile to compile. We also implemented a basic method that will parse the data set into an object that will store the edges of the graph and the information of what each node represents. We tested these methods in main using a smaller subset of original data, found in data/small_data.tsv. The parsing method using the Reddit object only parses and stores the source subreddit and target subreddit, but we do not anticipate needing to store more information than that.

# Week 2
We began working on implementing our PageRank algorithm and added a "flipped" version of our existing graph in order to help implement the algorithm. During the implementation, we ran into a couple of issues, one of which had to do with the connectivity of our data set. We have discussed a couple of solutions, such as adding artificial edges in order for the algorithm to work. The Implementation of the Floyd-Warshall algorithm, to find the smallest distance between each pair of vertices, was also started. Depth First Search was also started and finished without much issue.

# Week 3
We added functionality to give the exact path taken from one user inputted subreddit to another.  There are still some bugs to figure out regarding the exact edge cases of Floyd-warshall. There are also some specific issues with PageRank that have to do with the structure of the graph. The issues arise due to the fact that some nodes do not have outbound edges. These nodes are called dangling nodes and can cause issues with a simple PageRank algorithm. 

# Week 4
During the fourth week the edge cases for Floyd-Warshall were implemented and completed. As for the PageRank algorithm issue, it was decided that a different approach of the algorithm would be used. To solve the dangling node issue, a dampening factor was applied to the entire subgraph. By applying a dampening factor, we can now treat the traversal of the graph as a “random surfer”. This means that when calculating the probability for a dangling node, we assume that these nodes have an evenly distributed probability to travel to any other node in the graph, regardless of whether the current node has any outgoing links. This was achieved in the graph by adding edges that were not originally present in the original graph so that any dangling nodes would point to every other node in the subgraph(including themselves).
