Due to the Structure of our graph, We found that the “Graph” class from lab_ml is perfect for the representation of the Reddit network that we are using. In addition to this, the lab had functions that was required with our algorithms in order to run efficiently.  The goals in the project is to display a visualization of where you could possibly end up if you were to randomly click provided subreddit link that was provided to you in a post. This is achieved by using the PageRank Algorithm’s probability for every node. As the node represent the probability in which a random surfer would arrive on the subreddit, it can act as a popularity ranking. The other goal is to show potential subreddit paths that could be taken, while browsing, to get from one subreddit to another. 
For Depth First Search Traversal, we will refer to it as DFS.  In the goal statement we did not say that there would be a visual representation of this, however this traversal is used in pagerank. In order to see each disconnected subgraph in pagerank, DFS is used to obtain every single subgraph by traversing though all nodes and noting which nodes are strongly connected.  
For Floyd Warshall, we will refer to it as FW. The goal statement noted that we would implement this algorithm and use it to find the shortest path between two points. This function operates as expected and returns the shortest path from one subreddit to another. It was also used to calculate shortest path from all nodes to each other. Given this data we were also able to find some interesting points about the connectivity of the subreddits. 
The last algorithm we implemented that is mention in the goal is Page Rank. To implement the algorithm, we first had to split up any disconnected subgraphs. Due to using a simple PageRank algorithm, there were some limitations such as dangling nodes. To solve the limitation addition features such a dampening factor was added to the graph in post processing. This solved the issues of having weird probabilities in Dangling nodes. The function that was implemented returns a nested vector 2d vector, where every row/vector of vertices represents a connected subgraph. This helped print out every subgraph in sections so that it is more readable after being outputted. 
Some interesting discoveries and dataset insights we had were that between disconnected subgraphs, there was on average five nodes between two nodes chosen to reside in a connected subgraph. This point is more noticeable when processing a large portion of the data set such as 33% of the data. For Run Time purposes though, this was only done once. In addition to this, when running Floyd war shall on a node that page rank converged to it can be seen that there is a high degree of connectedness in the immediate vicinity of the node Page Rank converged to however as you move away from the converged page rank Node the degree of connectedness falls. 
